i calling alá alá who speaks in each
area
is respect for the bull the best
finally, good night
Hi, is this day, all is well? Is everything alright?
in you all well, thank God
about the tone in is the lady who
is selling can not have
kibon tells me a little this tone
Where are you talking? I'm talking.
of the enterprise is the company
school park eike company is a
recreation company noise not mine
My love, I'm going to take it, I create it so I have it.
a little place in cubatão is so much that
I have a lot of popcorn
For hobby, I do not want to give a
the nelore is a bull
mechanic is a toy for priest is not
well my husband is how I understand it
only yes at night
Hello Hello
Hi, good evening, how are you? This year, okay?
using an urgent tone the team is not that
the cow we here are too far wagon
dumping does not create the law gave nothing by
The bank's decision was to cover
these places all the academies only of the
United has helped me since when did this
it's talking there
Understanding nothing, let's talk tomorrow, understand.
nothing to lose with summer is the mother
played badly educated mother is our said
trump did not sell training was price of
renting
Look here because you hung up the phone.
And get the conversation with you there.
ew to not to try to cool see in the newspaper
the ad places an ad in the newspaper
percent will soon announce you talk
puts an ad in the newspaper that your
phone turns us on and off in our
My mother fell face, I assure you who
Did you know white fell like that did not see love?
looks plus one year screwed
Look, my love, I saw the announcement of a
bull who is doing well in the name of
right is mechanical bull
What is the problem like any problem?
on a lathe is a toy
electronic
my love what is a problem i know it is
rich will have a husband told to tell
with cows he in the cast with toy
My electronic love knows what we do.
it by hi shopping sax not
was was not between women if it was not
He did not know if I find the shopping looks
following while it did not shine
My love be may even be seeing the
sale but that 's what you 're looking to buy
My love, it's not what I am.
I do not even want a tooth, I want one.
mechanical bull that is the following I like
to buy all mechanics and adapt a
vibrator on it, my love I like it
You 're understandin why I 'm
talking to you how to eat if like
interested are we doing
Business not if I thought spending
number to call my love because the bull
mechanic in reality result
then you get tired so I'm not and
did nothing
my love
oh my love, let me tell you something
So you said that the doctor understands
mechanic is a guide that I do not know
my love can also UNITAU the
calla
from the moment that has placed a
announcement in the newspaper and I called and
With you, that's the name you said.
it can be dem face but in case the
Daddy love all this clowning creek
shut up shut up shut up
Talking clown who knows everything about the lathe
mechanic talks everything that has to be
spoken and was always speaks that it is not with
you my love for christmas number is
seeming those attendant who first
Do we talk any problem later?
I'm going to transfer to the right extension the note
Please, my love, I will not write it down.
effect look I'm going to have not all is well
Did you disconnect the phone?
I promise, I swear to my mother, my lady.
giraffe I 'm going to torment your coming
I take the tam but did not notice my
love my courage I 'm a cow one
slut waiting for a bull with a
business neither my love, I want to remember
and my love
Of course I want, so let's negotiate.
Oh thank God, at last, you understand.
my, I 'm not understanding that the singer
For one thing, he has sex for
love sex drugs and a lot of rock'n'roll and
My husband says that for business now
point my love
already san antonio rode antônio
then the bull and 10 milreis the vignette
Good thing is that my wife thousand reais
of life my love it is good that I have
interest to the league and we can
Negotiate my love, thank you so much.
real
he nor his piggy bank that my love aije
stupid